WS Order observations   
  
Uh, immediate reactions, delivery, Guy came with something he knew was already off. Um, and told me to ask for a refund before I even knew what was happening. Looks like DoorDash exclusively does Wingstop, but they're not super familiar with like they're ordering process versus another, why they might be dealing with like more issues. They know that that is on DoorDash. Um, but didn't seem to make a connection to like how Wingstop might influence or affect the amount of issues that came up. Um, What else? I don't know Oh, with Lil Ranchie. And the ordering process in the app, um, at no point, like, introduces that as a thing and why I might want to, like, establish a custom, like a connection to that. And then have that be the avenue for me to do some form of redemption or loyalty or anything. So, kind of, like, curious how that works top of the funnel. I didn't get ranch, but ranch was the default option. At no point, was ranch like a branded thing for me. So, kind of, you know, curious how that fits into the customer experience and, um, like creates a quick connection for, um, a unique experience associated with Wingstop versus someone else.  
  
another Observation is like a no point where their recommendations within the app on what pairings work well together. Um, they have a lot of cool and interesting flavors, um, but from like, The flavoring on the chicken compared to the sauces. Like it kind of didn't, didn't know what might make sense. So that might be something that's really ownable by them. Given they have such unique flavors.  
  
Another observation, uh, for Wingstop contacts while I have a seal on my bag. I don't actually have a receipt. I didn't get a receipt, so... I don't know how that, like what I got matches up to my order. Um, even though my DoorDash already knew that something was kind of off. Um, at, I think my total was like $28. And I have 5 chicken strips and fries. Um, that's it. Uh, how the value translates to the customer seems directly connected to kind of, um, like when I might feel like I have an issue. And it doesn't feel like $28 of food.  
  
I don't know why, but this food is also really filling. Like, I've only had 2, well, one. 5 chicken strips and, like, I would have been good with three. But somehow I thought I needed to order more. Um, I don't know if there's anything there, but like, Yeah. Sometimes matching the dollar value to the How much is this gonna fill me up? Um, is like an interesting proposition. I think of like Taco Bell and how they do that.  
  
I'm wondering how many users actually know that when they order through the app, they will default to delivery through DoorDash. Like, contextualizing that helps set the expectations for how you manage, um, any issues that might come up. Uh, I recorded what happens in the app when you try to do something with the eye frame that they have, um, to go through DoorDash and it just spins, it doesn't go anywhere. So if, like, you'd have to work really hard to try and get something updated. So in my case of like, I ordered a water bottle, I didn't get it. Big deal. Or not a big deal for the transcript. Um, the, There's just no way I could have done that. Uh, so. Like, can I wonder about kind of like the setting of a new context as kind of the top of the funnel for redemption, into chat, into a variety of different, you know, customer satisfaction metrics that they're trying to affect.  
